
# StormSale Thought Process

# StormSale Pitch
##  What is this?
This is StormSale, a lead marketing platform designed to bridge the gap between customers and salespeople.

## The Problem
Most marketing platforms don't sufficient tools to satisfy the evergrowing demand of the sales business.
21-st century salespeople would need to know:
- The platform they make more sales on.
- Deeper details on their customers.
- AI predictions of goods their other customers would like.
- A single place to manage coupons and discounts.
And so on.

## The Solution
While StormSale, started out as a Frontend Design Challenge, it is my intention to take it larger than this.
During research for the mobile-view and UX of this project, I got to learn a lot about what salespeople like, and how they think.
They need a solution that is:
- Fast
- Modern
- AI-powered to guide their decisions and,
- Intuitive.

I intend to make StormSale all of this and so much more.


# The Challenge

## Name

I arrived at the name StormSale after looking deeply at the logo and remembered StormGain, a crypto platform.
Additionally, the top triangle in the logo looks a boat sail, thus I decided to name it StormSale (sail, pun-intended 😉).

## What makes StormSale stand-out?
- Name and process documentation (StormSale)
- Dark theme
- Dropdowns and deeper interactivity.
- Tooltips for User Experience
- REAL data (not just images).
- REAL API calls.
- Hover effects
- Search bar effect
- Responsive mobile UI

### Dynamic Data
I initially wanted to just use the available dummy data as a fixed stats (i.e embedded in the code itself).
But I decided against it and went with dynamic data. 
This is data that can be modified in one spot and reflects on the entire platform.

- The dynamic data for `Orders` can be found in [orders.json](./src/app/_data/orders.json)
All statistics and graphs are constructed from the data in this file.

The data had to be modelled with TypeScript and was generated by FakerJS.

- The dynamic data for the entire dashboard can be found in [metadata.json](./src/app/_data/metadata.json)
With it, the name, email, avatar etc of the admin can be customized.

### Generating Dynamic Data
To generate new data:
- Clone this repository to your local machine.
- Navigate to it with your terminal.
- Move into `src`:
 ```bash
 cd src
 ```
 - Run the `generateData` script
 ```bash
 node generateData.js
 ```
 
This generates the `orders.json` file and populates it with data.
It also generates random avatars.

## The Technologies That Made This Possible
- NextJS (ReactJS)
- JSON
- TypeScript
- IconSax Library
- RippleUI
- TailwindCSS


## What's Working
- `Notifications` display a dialog.
- `Profile` displays a dropdown with some items.
- `Graphs` all graphs are real data, and work.
- `Theme switcher` easily switches between light and dark themes.


# StormSale, ...the salesman's utility belt...